6 tips to improve web accessibility
1. Properly use HTML markup
Whether or not a web designer manually enters HTML, it’s important to place headers in an order 
that makes sense. Screen readers that articulate information on a web page use headers as guideposts.

2.Include succinct, descriptive image alt text
    Alt text is often forgotten when images are added to web pages. After all, most people only use alt text when searching for images in a search engine or
     conducting a reverse image search.

3.Consider CAPTCHA options
    CAPTCHAs can be especially confusing for those with dyslexia or some cognitive difficulties. Some CAPTCHA images don’t take into
     consideration people with colorblindness, who may not be able to differentiate the letters from the background. CAPTCHA images are also 
     unreadable by screen readers, but adding the correct answer to alt text on the page could defeat the purpose of the test.

4.Make video content accessible
        One of the most notable hurdles for people with auditory impairment is a lack of closed captioning. Videos without closed captions can be 
        completely inaccessible for those with a hearing deficiency. For those uploading a video to a platform like YouTube or Facebook, it 
        can be easy to rely on the auto-generated captions, but they’re often inaccurate and don’t provide contextual captions for music or
         sound effects.

5.Choose accessible color choices
        Typically, color choices for websites involve whatever is trendiest in UX. This usually means a whole lot of unoffensive, definitely 
        original blue. But color is an important consideration in web accessibility. In particular, designers may want to consider the needs of
         users with color blindness.

6.Ensure the website can be navigated using only a keyboard
        Trendy design choices include navigation bars or options that only appear when a cursor hovers over a certain button. Often, highlighting 
        a designated dropdown button using the keyboard still isn’t enough to activate the dropdown. This means keyboard-only users have no way
         to access those webpage options.